what is up guys karma medic here and
today as you guys can see I'm in a
different place I'm in an apartment in
Toronto this is where I'm staying while
I'm here
today I wanted to do something a little
bit different I wanted to talk about the
kinds of food that you can cook at
University because I know as students
we're either not bothered to cook or
we're too busy and we feel like we don't
have time over my four years at
university I feel like I've mastered how
to cook quickly efficiently make little
mess and I'd be able to meal prep high
protein and highly nutritious meals
throughout the week so preparing your
meals is actually a lot easier than a
lot of people think it is you can do it
in about an hour
Mike's an hour and fifteen twenty
minutes one day on the weekend and
you'll have five meals ready for the
rest of the week
so the different meals that I'm gonna be
showing you guys throughout this series
of videos is not gonna be anything like
plain pasta or anything simple like that
it's gonna be really big and nutritious
meals that will be something that you're
looking forward to eating so the two
things that I focus on when I'm cooking
my university meals is that it needs to
be very fast and efficient I don't want
to waste time cooking because I'm sure
as you do we have plenty of other things
to do in our day and so the cooking that
I do also involves keeping the utensils
and the plates and everything like that
to a bare minimum that there's less
cleaning up to do afterwards and the
second thing is I don't focus on making
my meals look any good I don't focus on
making them the perfect dish or the
perfect looking dish it just needs to be
food that I can consume after the gym
when I get home so all the meals that I
cook are very very simple
they contain a meat a carbohydrate and a
lot of vegetables and that way I always
feel like am eating a balanced meal and
I can vary the types of meals that I'm
having
but anyway without further ado let's
jump to the kitchen and let's get
cooking so first things first we've got
three of these round strip stir-fried
beef and the reason I have three is
because I go to the gym every other day
I run at least once or twice a week I
played basketball as well and so all my
nails need to be super super high in
protein the next are the vegetables and
I've tried to keep it as simple as
possible for this one we just have two
bell peppers over here a bunch of bean
sprouts I don't know if you guys use
this but this is like one of my favorite
vegetables cooked because the texture is
just so good
crunchy gonna have one jalapeno pepper
just cuz I like a little bit of spice
and we have carrots too and then the
main grain that we're gonna base this
meal around is quinoa generally most of
the time it's gonna be most efficient to
prep all of the vegetables that you need
to do then you work on the meat once the
meat is done you add the vegetables once
the vegetables are done you add the
quinoa and the water so let's get
started by first cutting up some
vegetables I totally forgot to add two
different vegetables to the mix and that
is bok choy that I mentioned before and
also green onions so I'm gonna cut those
up now and add them to the bowl
[Music]
all right so now that we're done cutting
up all the vegetables we're gonna move
on seasoning the meat before we start
cooking it and usually when I seasoned
meat all I do is throw in some salt and
some pepper and that's it because
personally I don't care but I know a lot
of people really enjoy seasoning and so
I brought over my good friend Carson
he's gonna take care of so now we're
going to start cooking in the pan the
first thing you're gonna need to do is
cook the meat once the meat is done till
about I'd say 60 70 % and I add on the
vegetables so that while the vegetables
are cooking we don't overcook the meat
and then after that we'll hide on the
quinoa place down some olive oil and I
usually put it to about a medium height
but we see how the cook is going on with
time and we can adjust everything as we
go along all right so now that the oil
has warmed up a decent amount I'm gonna
add on the meat and really what you want
to do is like leave it here for I'd say
about 7 to 10 minutes something like
that and mixing it about every now and
again to make sure that it's even on all
the different signs I don't really do
things based on time it's just sort of
like aging and as I go along here's the
meat we're gonna make sure that it's
covered in a decent amount of oil and as
it heats up here it's gonna start to
cook quite nice
[Music]
so now if you guys take a look you can
see that the mean is at least 70% cooked
something like that so it's almost there
and because they're still hold up this
meat juice here I want to use that to
help flavor the vegetables as well so
I'm going to start adding all the veg in
and this simply could not be any easier
I'm literally gonna throw the vegetables
down on to the food I'm going to keep
all these big leafy objects to the side
where you want to make sure is that you
get the smaller vegetables down to the
bottom so that they can cook and then
leave the bigger vegetables up on top
and you might be thinking this looks
like an absolute mess and how in the
health is going to turn into a decent
meal but a lot of this shrinks in size
as you cook it and everything becomes a
lot smaller even a little bit of heat so
a few guys will see this will become a
lot more manageable in just a little bit
[Music]
alright guys so now all the vegetable
volume has gone down let's take this
piece of carrot as pop as really I'm
gonna wait a little bit more and then
we'll add the quinoa the vegetables cook
the meat is cooked and now what we're
gonna do is add the grain and so how I
do this it's also very very easy
I literally just throw the couscous or
the quinoa or the rice whatever it is
you're cooking with this meal on top of
the food and I'm gonna use two packets
so I want to make a lawsuit about the
meat and now you just add a bunch of
boiled water all right and you want to
add a decent amount of water you might
have to add water again if the chemos
not fully cooked and it's reaching the
point where the waters disappearing but
basically that's it believe this on a
light simmer so you don't want to see
that the water is boiling very strongly
you want to just have it bubbling a
little bit of a meal a little bit less
of a boil than that but anyway it's just
gonna stay like that for about now 10-15
minutes and the meal will be finished so
we'll catch up
all right so now that the foodstuff
cooking we can do was basically the
easiest and best part which is packaging
two different tumbler ways but you can
easily have throughout the week so a
meal like this what usually take me
about an hour to cook that might sound
like I'm exaggerating or something but
honestly not at all I just put on the
YouTube video to watch in the background
and I just burst through this coming up
everything really quickly putting
everything on the stove and it can
honestly be done in an hour
[Music]
alright so Arslan is gonna have the
official taste test now you can let you
guys know if your food is actually good
or I'm just trying this whole time I
dunno why I'm doing and yeah let's see
what it tastes like give you honest
opinion like off camera very average no
I'm kidding it's actually pretty good
and it's very nutrient dense which is
what you need is a student cetera so
yeah alright so that is it guys
hopefully you guys enjoyed this video
and you can actually follow along with
me cooking and everything if you guys
found this useful definitely let me know
in a comment down below and I have
plenty of other meals to show you guys
all kinds of different things to show
you guys how to cook so if you guys want
to see more videos like this leave a
like on this video and also they've a
comment down below anyways that is it
for me I hope you guys enjoyed and I
will see you in the next one peace